[Music]
Hum
You are near me, I have a
feeling
like
You are near me, I have a
feeling
like
Alas I would die if I couldn't get you I
spend my nights talking to you Your
name is on my lips every moment Alas I would
sing to you only I would
call out to you O my love,
you haven't changed the weather is a little upset
Alas you haven't changed the weather has become a little
calm
[Music] I would
build a world from the past moments.  I am
made of your dew.  O your sounds in my laughter, I have
told you your story,
how will the memories break, how will those who are mine get
angry,
how can I forget the moments passed in the open book of the past heart, alas I will die if I
cannot get you, I will
spend my nights talking to you, every
moment your name is on my lips, alas I will
sing to you only, I
call you
[Music] My
lover, you have not changed, the
weather has become a little simple.  My
love, you haven't changed.  The weather has changed
a bit.
The day we meet again, I will
tell you all these things.
Whatever I become in this world, without you I will be nothing.
Hey age me
tera
tujhko hi main
tujhko
om
hare
[music]
I am away from you for one reason only.   I become
weak
away from you, I am for only one reason I
become a vagabond I am
away from you for only one reason I become weak
away from you, I am for only one reason I
become a vagabond If I touch you,
something will happen to me which I do not want My
heart will flow away on meeting you, I am
afraid of this that I might fall in
love with you, it will
ruin me I might fall in love with
you, I love you
immensely,
ho
[music] ho ho
[music] What is this
intoxication in your closeness
Why is my heart restless with your closeness Why does
it not end What kind of thirst is this The more
I go away, the closer you are to me Should I
tell you or let me let my secrets be
Should I tell you everything Will you leave me or will you
come close to me I am afraid of this that I might fall in
love with you, it will
ruin me I might fall in
love with you, I love you
immensely
[music]
Om
You are ending these sorrows
[music] You are
ending these sorrows  We are becoming the victim of the wounds.
Why do I feel that you are
becoming my world. You are becoming you.
Without you, will this heart be able to beat now?
I ask myself, will the
pain go away with your arrival.  I am
afraid that I might
fall in love, I might
fall in love
[Music] I might fall in
love with you, you will ruin me
[Praise] I will become
immense
[Music] You will
make me
[Music]
[Music] [
Praise] [
Music]
Ever since this hand of yours has come in my hands, it is
as if the turmoil of the river finds a shore
with you, even fire and wandering give peace
with you, every moment, every
moment is not memories, my beloved, if you are there, there is no
morning, if you are there, the evening is
laughter, a world is like a dream, if you are there, I
believe in this, if
you are there, everything is good.  If you are there then Vuma is there.  If
you are there then this is the moment.  If
you are there then it is always there.   We
are always there in this moment
[Music] I
don't know when we laughed like this, we were
restless like this, I
feel someone has heard my prayers,
where can one find anyone like this, I have found you
with you, whatever I have got, now I don't want to lose even a moment with you, I stay
awake at night and look for you, I just don't want to sleep,
everything is good if you are with me.   If it exists then it is
this moment, it is
always in this.
If you are here, you are here
[Music]
You are the worry of my carefreeness I am
talking about my breaths You and I are
ours in step
and we are mine on your
paths I may get scattered if
you are with me my companion I don't
think where to go if you are with me I have to hand you over to you
this lover I have
signaled you silently, your
desire has awakened, silently, this heart has become a
wanderer, living is colorless
if I don't have anyone's support here
[Music] You are here, you
are my companion I do
n't think where to go,
you are my companion
[Music] You must be a
glass, you must be without breaths, tell me how long will we
live without the light of
dreams, of thoughts, how
long will they flow from the clouds
how can the wounds tell me my
heart I am the
moon this moon is the best in the world my friend I may get
scattered on your paths if you are with me my
companion I don't
think where to go if
you are with me successful
time
[Music]
We [Music]
We
[Music] I have
n't
got any, I am
rich,
I have a
lot
in my pocket  There is nothing but it is
near, let it listen to
you, this is the only tune to steal your heart,
this is the only tune to
make your beloved mine
[Music]
this is the only tune, this should happen
one day
[Music]
whenever it rains, I will cover you with my eyelids, you won't
feel the lack, I will give you so
much love that I will
bring the moon and stars, it is not possible
but this is a promise, I swear I will stay with you,
I will stay with you,
I am not claiming this.   There is no
Taj Mahal in
my
name, there are a few walls
which I keep calling home, this is the only
tune to decorate your house, this is the only tune to make my
beloved mine, this is the
only tune,
Om,
one day I will
steal your heart
[Music]
this is the
one day